'"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." — Alan Kay

'"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." — Harold Abelson'

'"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." — Arthur C. Clarke'

'"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." — John Johnson'

'"Simplicity is the soul of efficiency." — Austin Freeman'

'"In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, in the expert’s mind there are few." — Shunryu Suzuki'

'"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." — Linus Torvalds'

'"The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art." — John Lasseter'

'"Imagination is more important than knowledge." — Albert Einstein'

'"We shape our tools, and thereafter our tools shape us." — Marshall McLuhan'

'"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." — Ralph Waldo Emerson'

'"Every act of creation is first an act of destruction." — Pablo Picasso'

'"The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before." — Bill Gates'

'"Stay hungry, stay foolish." — Steve Jobs'

'"Technology is best when it brings people together." — Matt Mullenweg'

'"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." — Albert Einstein'

'"Creativity is intelligence having fun." — Albert Einstein'

'"The medium is the message." — Marshall McLuhan'

'"Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." — William Bruce Cameron'

'"All models are wrong, but some are useful." — George Box'

'"The web does not just connect machines, it connects people." — Tim Berners-Lee'

'"To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk." — Thomas Edison'

'"The future is already here — it’s just not evenly distributed." — William Gibson'

'"You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." — Maya Angelou'

'"Art is never finished, only abandoned." — Leonardo da Vinci'

'"The limits of my language mean the limits of my world." — Ludwig Wittgenstein'